Dear students,

In order to take into account the disruption to your SH projects, please create 
a section in your report which documents:

a) what you could not do because of coronavirus/COVID-19
b) what adjustments you made and what you are doing instead
c) what the cost was in terms of additional/lost time and lost functionality.

Also remember the guidance from 17 Mar 2020:

1) All evaluation requiring face-to-face contact (surveys, interviews,
testing, etc.) that still needs to take place is cancelled. Please
confirm your current evaluation plans with your supervisor. Students
already following alternative evaluation plans (without face-to-face
contact) can continue with them, and if you feel that minor adjustments
to the original process can make it work, do feel free to implement them
after consulting your supervisor. However, you should feel no obligation
(and are not expected) to design a new evaluation framework from scratch
at this point.

2) If your project was adversely affected by CoVid-19 (cancelling
face-to-face evaluation, or reduced access to needed hardware), document
all of it in your report. Also describe your original plans for
evaluation/hardware development and how you would have acted on them. We
will instruct all markers to mark such cases without detriment to the
student.

3) The School Ethics Committee is suspending the ethical amendment
process, so you do not need to file ethics amendments for these
alternative plans. You are expected, however, to minimise any risks in
the new plans, and they must be discussed with, and approved by, your
supervisor.

4) The digital poster session is cancelled. There will be no
demonstration to the markers for any CS4098, CS4099, or CS5199 project
this year. CS4796 projects involve other schools and we are still
working on the logistics of this.

If you have any questions regarding the processes, feel free to get in
touch. I am also available via Skype or MS Teams.

Best regards,
Kasim